Modern must be returned
Hahaha
Ah!
Do you know the consequences of doing this?
In less than ten days and a half months
Then Linjiang City will become a purgatory on earth
The family will be destroyed
Wife ion dispersion
There are ordinary people who will live and starve to death
It's not impossible for a true alien to know each other.
high jade
Xiaguan Zu was born and is now 36 years old
A proud body has never asked for anyone
I implore Minister Gao to take back his life
Except for Double Five
People can't afford that.
belly
Want to lower food prices
You don't have to put your family under pressure
It should be noted that the more strongly the spring is suppressed
That trouble
The scarier
It's a pity that Du Jiang
Although a parent official
But the brain is not very flexible
After 7 days, everything will be fine.
This official will not make fun of his life
Hahaha oops hahahahaha
Lord Shangguan
His Majesty Billy has ordered
Lin Jiang City also has Gao Gongzi in charge of all affairs
But if the situation becomes uncontrollable
Will definitely shoot
Well, don't worry.
By then
Is it still too late?
No way.
I must inform Her Majesty of this as soon as possible
Otherwise, let him go on like this
Hundreds of thousands of people in Linjiang City are all over
Ah master
Quickly get my pen and ink
This official wants to talk overnight about how to travel 800 miles to expedite
Talk about staying here